# Simple Image Editor
Web application for editing photos and images - [OPEN](git.io site link)

# Introduction

Simple Image Editor is intuitive web application made to make editing photos and drawing as fast as possible. Application is front-end languages based, so doesn't require installation, just click and you can start play with your graphics.
(gif with using example)

# Technologies

Base of application is HTML5 canvas. The application logo uses stroke drawing animation created in CSS3 with logo formated to .svg with Inkscape. CSS3 makes also buttons fade animation. JavaScript is used to set mouse position on the canvas div, drawing stroke, setting active button, save/load/reset image drawed on canvas, moving and resizing text input box, sepia and gray filters are created by changing pixels values in canvas context. Stickers are generated by adding each image in folder and drawing on current mouse position. Undo button creates copies of context in special array, so every step in drawing can be easy accessible.  

# How to Use

To start using this application, just click on [link](img source) or download code and follow instructions below:
(about picture is all i need)

# Features

Simple Image Editor features:
* Open and save your png and jpg files by one click
* Draw on sheet in different colors with resizable pen
* Add your text to image, with different size, font and colors
* snapchat based resizable stickers, which can be easy to modify, delete or add new
* resize window to make editing easy in window mode
* erase your mistakes
* undo your mistakes with automatic save of every state of sheet
* dynamic adding sepia and gray filters

# Motivation

Main motivation behind this application was to practice my skills in front-end development. Program is pure-JavaScript based for purpose of mastering and better understanding this programming language. Thanks to using canvas as background i could practice using HTML and styling it with CSS.

# Others

### Report Bug and improves

You can report encountered bugs or send ideas for improvement [here](add link issues new)

### License

Application was uploaded under GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE for more information [check license file](license link)

### Contact

Feel free to [Contact me!](https://github.com/TomaszOrpik)

